In healthcare sector add theses features:
1. Telemedicine 
2. Mood Tracking for mental health purposes 
3. Workout and Fitness Tracking 
4. Nutrition & Diet Planning AI Agent 
5. Medical Records maintenance of individual

In Agriculture Solutions add these features and combine Environment Solutions in this 
1. Weather related app like in planetwise. 
2. Crop and Soil Monitoring AI agent. 
3. Prediction:  
   a. Plant Diseases 
   b. Forest Fire 
   c. Greengas impact 
d. Air pollution Indicator 
e. Carbon Footprint calculators.  
4. Recycling and waste management

in Entertainment Solutions add these features: 
1. Games Centre 
2. Worldwide News 
3. Meme and GIF generator 
4. Movie and Music Streaming 
5. Photo Generation and Video by AI agents 
6. online Digital audio workstation

In Research Solutions add these features: 
Biotech 
a. Cell Counting 
b. Tissue Biology
Food and nutrition Sccaner

In space solutions add these features: 
a. Cosmo Vision 
b. AI Constellation Identification. 
c. Space simulating apps and exploration apps. 
d. Planetary Position related apps.

in financial solutions add thsese features: 
1. Investment & Stock Trading based AI AGENT
2. Cryptocurrency based AI AGENT
3. DeIF based knowledge gaining blog

in Security Solutions add these features: 
1. VPN AND PROXY services.  
2. Password management and password generator. 
3. Importance of security in digital platform – details, informations for 
eduction purposes. (daily updates with super scenarios) 
4. Virus Checker

in Travel Solutions add these features: 
1. Navigation Maps 
2. Vehicle Rental Shops Near By(To Find) 
3. Hotels Disconvery Apps 
4. Tour Plaaning AI agent with budget and where to stay and other thing.

in Government Solutions add these features: 
1. Policygyaan - rural peoples to know the latest policies and informations by government.
2. Analysis of politics for studies.

in Sports Solutions add these features: 
1. Live scores and match updates 
2. Training by AI Agents.

replace Science Solutions as education solutions and add these features: 
1. Biolab simulation for students to study and do and see practicals
2. Physics Circuit Board simulation for students to learn and build models of their own circuits + ardino also.
3. Chemistry related AI CHATBOT TO ASK QUESTION
4. MATHS related AI CHATBOT TO ASK QUESTION



NOTE: ADD THESE FEATURES WITH EXISITING FEAUTRES IN EACH SOLUTIONS. 